https://codepen.io/AdrianHenson/pen/dyNzjOo?editors=1100    


    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    HTML that explains it's contents with the name of the element
    2. What is HTML used for? 
    HTML is used to define the structure and content of a web page.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    An attribute is a property of an element that you put in an element when you define it. 
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    "h1" is used for the title of the web page and should only be used once.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    "img", and "a" require a "src", and a "href" attribute respectively.
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    We put our CSS, some JS and favicon in the head of our HTML document, as well as the "title" tag, and some information for web crawlers to use.
    7. What is an id?
    an ID is an attribute used to identify elements in CSS.
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    Any element
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    Once.
    10. What is a class? 
    A class is an attribute used to identify elements in CSS.
    11. What elements can I add a class to?
    You can add a class to any element
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page?
    Infinite
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    target="blank"
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for?
    The alt attribute is used for people with screenreaders, or if the 'img' element fails to display.
    15. How do I reference an id?
    '#idname'
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    a section is semantically a "section" of your page, while a "div" has no meaning semantically.
    17. What is CSS used for?
    CSS is used for styling.
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    with a css selector like "h2 {}"
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    A class is used for multiple items on one page while an id is something you'd only use for one item on the page, such as the footer or the 
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    ".classname"
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    "p.human"
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful?
    A parent child selector, will select all of a certain element that are children of a certain element
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    "div.sidebar a {}"
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    A psuedo selector
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    The line-height property.
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    The letter-spacing property.
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    text-transform: uppercase;
    text-transform: lowercase;
    text-transform: capitalize;
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    div {
        border: 1px dotted black
    }
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    * {}
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    <!-- Like this or -->
    /* like this */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line?
    'pwd' 
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    'ls'
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    'rm -f ./filename.ext'
    34. Why should I use version control?
    So that you can have a backup, and people can see what was changed, where it was changed, and by who.
    35. How often should I commit to github?
    You should commit whenever you have made a change that you want to be updated on github.
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github?
    'git push -u origin adrian-henson' 
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 

    Fork the project, clone my version of the project, create a new branch for myself, do the project, add all the files to be committed, commit, use 'git push -u origin adrian-henson', submit a PR.
    

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are display block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 


